[All hosts](NAA) Reorg to recommend NAA SSO (#5570)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/register-sso-add-in-aad-v2.md

﻿---
title: Register an Office Add-in that uses legacy Office SSO with the Microsoft identity platform
description: Learn how to register an Office Add-in with the Microsoft identity platform to use legacy Office SSO with Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.
ms.date: 05/25/2025
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Register an Office Add-in that uses legacy Office SSO with the Microsoft identity platform

> [!NOTE]

> > This article is about using legacy Office SSO. We recommend using the Microsoft Authorization Library (MSAL) with nested app authentication (NAA) which supports the SPA authorization workflow. MSAL and NAA also offer a more modern experience across more platforms. For more information, see [Enable single sign-on in an Office Add-in with nested app authentication](enable-nested-app-authentication-in-your-add-in.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This article describes legacy Office single sign-on (SSO). The Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) with nested app authentication (NAA) supports the SPA authorization workflow and provides a modern authentication experience across a wider range of platforms. For more information, see [Enable single sign-on in an Office Add-in with nested app authentication](enable-nested-app-authentication-in-your-add-in.md).
```
MSAL is Microsoft **Authentication** Library, not Authorization Library.
